Spelling (#258)
databus23/helm-diff: README.md

* Shows a diff explaining what a helm rollback would change:
    This fetches the currently deployed version of a release

>   and compares it to deployed versions of a release, that you 

Author: initially, i was going to fix this to `a deployed`, but that didn't agree with `versions`. You could do:
```suggestion
  and compares it to a deployed version of a release, that you 
```
instead...

Reviewer: It's better, but still doesn't make sense? Perhaps we should instead say...

```suggestion
  and compares it to the previously deployed versions of the release, that you 
```

```
$ helm diff rollback -h

> This command compares the latest manifest details of a named release 

Author: It's possible that this wants a possessive, here I think we have a pair of adjectives
